README.md, before:

# npm-boilerplate
**npm-boilerplate** boilerplate for creating npm packages.

[![Version][badge-vers]][npm]
[![Dependencies][badge-deps]][npm]
[![Vulnerabilities][badge-vuln]](https://snyk.io/)
[![Build Status][badge-tests]][travis]
[![Coverage Status][badge-coverage]](https://coveralls.io/github/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate?branch=master)
[![License][badge-lic]][github]

## Table of Contents
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribute](#contribute)

## Requirements
To use library you need to have [node](https://nodejs.org) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) installed in your machine:

* node `6.0+`
* npm `3.0+`

## Installation

To install the library run following command

```bash
  npm i --save npm-boilerplate
```

## Usage

```javascript

```

## Contribute

Make the changes to the code and tests and then commit to your branch. Be sure to follow the commit message conventions.

Commit message summaries must follow this basic format:
```
  Tag: Message (fixes #1234)
```

The Tag is one of the following:
* **Fix** - for a bug fix.
* **Update** - for a backwards-compatible enhancement.
* **Breaking** - for a backwards-incompatible enhancement.
* **Docs** - changes to documentation only.
* **Build** - changes to build process only.
* **New** - implemented a new feature.
* **Upgrade** - for a dependency upgrade.
* **Chore** - for tests, refactor, style, etc.

The message summary should be a one-sentence description of the change. The issue number should be mentioned at the end.


[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-boilerplate
[github]: https://github.com/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate
[coveralls]: https://coveralls.io/github/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate?branch=master
[badge-deps]: https://img.shields.io/david/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate.svg
[badge-tests]: https://img.shields.io/travis/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate.svg
[badge-vuln]: https://img.shields.io/snyk/vulnerabilities/npm/npm-boilerplate.svg?style=popout
[badge-vers]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm-boilerplate.svg
[badge-lic]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate.svg
[badge-coverage]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pustovitDmytro/npm-boilerplate/badge.svg?branch=master

Commit message:

New: sequelize transactions lock on update

README.md, after:

# sequelize-playground
**sequelize-playground** demonstrates list of usefull scripts for common sequelize issues

[![License][badge-lic]][github]

## Table of Contents
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribute](#contribute)

## Motivation
demonstrates list of usefull scripts for common sequelize issues


## Requirements
To use examples you need to have [node](https://nodejs.org) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) installed in your machine:

* node `6.0+`
* npm `3.0+`

## Installation

To install the library run following command

```bash
  git clone git@github.com:pustovitDmytro/sequelize-playground.git
  cd sequelize-playground
  npm ci
  npm run test:mocha
```

## Contribute

Make the changes to the code and tests and then commit to your branch. Be sure to follow the commit message conventions.

Commit message summaries must follow this basic format:
```
  Tag: Message (fixes #1234)
```

The Tag is one of the following:
* **Fix** - for a bug fix.
* **Update** - for a backwards-compatible enhancement.
* **Breaking** - for a backwards-incompatible enhancement.
* **Docs** - changes to documentation only.
* **Build** - changes to build process only.
* **New** - implemented a new feature.
* **Upgrade** - for a dependency upgrade.
* **Chore** - for tests, refactor, style, etc.

The message summary should be a one-sentence description of the change. The issue number should be mentioned at the end.


[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize-playground
[github]: https://github.com/pustovitDmytro/sequelize-playground
